I will do so with the help of words of course but also a geometrical
shape the circles so throughout my told you will come across several
circles.
I was born in straws work france.
...turkish parents shortly after my...got separated and I came to
techy with my mom from then on I was raised as a single child
by a single-mother now in the early nineteen seventies in ankara that was a bit
unusual...neighborhood was full of large families were...where they had so
...so I grew up seeing my mother as a divorce
...in a patriarchal environment's in fact I grew up observing
...different kinds of woman notes on the one hand was my mother
...well-educated secular modern westernized tricky
...on the other hand was my grandmother also to care of me and was more
spiritual less-educated and definitely less rationals this was a
woman who read coffee grounds to see the future and melted lead into mysterious shapes.